Rule 2582/4 (Power=1)
Annual Awards

      April is hereby designated Awards Month.
      
      
      The following Patent Titles CAN be awarded by the indicated
      Officers with 2 Agoran consent. The Patent Titles SHOULD be
      awarded during Awards Month, and the award SHOULD be made to
      commemorate acts performed in the previous Agoran year. The full
      name of each awarded Patent Title is [Title Below] NNNN, where
      NNNN is the year each act was performed.
      
      The Herald SHALL announce it is Awards Month in an officially
      timely fashion after it begins. E SHOULD petition officers to
      award their awards if they have not done so by the end of Awards
      Month.
      
      Each indicated Officer SHOULD award these titles to 1-2 persons
      each year, and SHOULD solicit an open call for nominations and
      discussion before making these awards. The Herald SHALL note any
      additional information indicated below as part of eir report of
      Patent Titles.
      
       - Silver Quill, awardable by the Promotor to the author of a
         proposal of outstanding merit and influence on the game, or to
         a coauthor, although e SHOULD only do so if it is generally
         agreed that that coauthor contributed more to that proposal
         than the person who submitted it (additional information: ID
         number of the proposal).
      
       - Wooden Gavel, awardable by the Arbitor to the judge of a CFJ
         or series of CFJs with a strong and foundational impact on the
         judicial precedents of Agora (additional information: ID
         numbers of the judgements).
      
       - Golden Glove, awardable by the Tailor to the player who made
         the most interesting, successful, and/or competitive series of
         moves while attempting to win or get substantially ahead in
         the game.
      
       - Employee of the Year, awardable by the ADoP to the persons
         who put the most persistent hard labor into keeping the game
         going through the performance of Officers' duties (additional
         information: offices held by the awardee during that year).

History:

Enacted by P8109 'Patent Diversity' (G.), 27 Oct 2018
Amended(1) by P8221 'Usage de-capitalization' (Janet, Aris), 05 Sep 2019
Amended(2) by P8574 'mending the quill' (Trigon, Janet, Aris), 23 Jun
   2021
Amended(3) by P8968 'April Awards Extension' (snail, nix, Aris, G.), 19
   May 2023
Amended(4) by cleaning (kiako), 02 Mar 2024

Annotations:
