Rule 1023/43 (Power=2)
Agoran Time

      The following terms are defined:
      
      1. The phrase "in a timely fashion" means "within 7 days". This
         time period is set when the requirement is created (i.e. X days
         before the limit ends). A requirement to perform an action at
         an exact instant (e.g. "when X, Y SHALL Z"), but not "in the
         same message", is instead interpreted as a requirement to
         perform that action in a timely fashion after that instant.
      2. The phrase "in an officially timely fashion" means "before the
         end of the next Agoran week". This time period is set when the
         requirement is created (i.e. between 7 and 14 days before the
         period ends).
      3. Agoran epochs:
         a. Agoran days begin at midnight UTC.
         b. Agoran weeks begin at midnight UTC on Monday. Eastman weeks
            begin at midnight UTC on the 1st, 8th, 15th, 22nd, and 29th
            of each Gregorian month; the fifth one of the month (if any)
            lasts till the end of the month.
         c. Agoran months begin at midnight UTC on the first day of each
            Gregorian month.
         d. Agoran quarters begin when the Agoran months of January,
            April, July, and October begin.
         e. Agoran years begin when the Agoran month of January begins.
         f. A pivot is either the instant at which Agora Nomic began
            (June 30, 1993, 00:04:30 GMT +1200) or an instant at which
            at least one person won the game. When used as a period of
            time, a "Round" (historical syn: "game") is the period of
            time between a pivot and the next pivot.
         The "Agoran" qualifier is assumed unless a different definition
         is indicated (e.g. Eastman weeks). These definitions do not
         apply to relative durations (e.g. "within <number> days after
         <event>").
      4. Two points in time are within a month of each other if:
         a. they occur in the same Agoran month;
         b. they occur in two consecutive Agoran months, and the later
            of the two occurs in an earlier day in the month than the
            earlier one;
         c. they occur in two consecutive Agoran months on the same day
            of the month, and the later of the two occurs at the same or
            earlier time of day.
      5. Any anniversary, monthly anniversary, or quarterly anniversary
         that would otherwise attempt to occur on a day of the month
         that does not exist (after considering any leap day) instead
         occurs on the first day of the following month.
