Rule 105/25 (Power=3)
Rule Changes

      When the rules provide that an instrument takes effect, it can
      generally:
      
      1. enact a rule. The new rule has power equal to the minimum of
         the power specified by the enacting instrument, defaulting to
         one if the enacting instrument does not specify or if it
         specifies a power less than 0.1, and the maximum power
         permitted by other rules. The enacting instrument may specify a
         title for the new rule, which if present shall prevail. The ID
         number of the new rule cannot be specified by the enacting
         instrument; any attempt to so specify is null and void.
      
      2. repeal a rule. When a rule is repealed, it ceases to be a rule,
         its power is set to 0, and the Rulekeepor need no longer
         maintain a record of it.
      
      3. reenact a rule. A repealed rule identified by its most recent
         rule number MUST be reenacted with the same ID number. If no
         text is specified, the rule is reenacted with the same text it
         had when it was most recently repealed. If the reenacting
         proposal provides new text for the rule, the rule SHOULD have
         materially the same purpose as did the repealed version. Unless
         specified otherwise by the reenacting instrument, a reenacted
         rule has power equal to the power it had at the time of its
         repeal (or power 1, if power was not defined at the time of
         that rule's repeal). If the reenacting instrument is incapable
         of setting the reenacted rule's power to that value, then the
         reenactment is null and void.
      
      4. amend the text of a rule.
      
      5. retitle a rule.
      
      6. change the power of a rule.
      
      A rule change is any effect that falls into the above classes.
      Rule changes always occur sequentially, never simultaneously. If a
      specification would ever be interpreted as causing multiple
      changes to happen at once, it is instead interpreted as attempting
      to cause them to occur separately, in the order they are listed in
      the specification.
      
      Any ambiguity in the specification of a rule change causes that
      change to be void and without effect. An inconsequential variation
      in the quotation of an existing rule does not constitute ambiguity
      for the purposes of this rule. Furthermore, if the change being
      specified would be clear to any reasonable player, the
      specification is not ambiguous, even if it is incorrect or unclear
      on its face. This provision does not prevent the specification of
      undesirable changes; for instance, an amendment which adds a typo
      is not corrected to remove the typo.
      
      A rule change is wholly prevented from taking effect unless its
      full text was published, along with an unambiguous and clear
      specification of the method to be used for changing the rule, at
      least 4 days and no more than 60 days before it would otherwise
      take effect.
      
      This rule provides the only mechanism by which rules can be
      created, modified, or destroyed, or by which an entity can become
      a rule or cease to be a rule.
