Rule 1551/23 (Power=3.2)
Ratification

      A retroactive change is one that changes the game's record of past
      events. Retroactive changes are secured with power threshold 3.
      
      When a document or statement (hereafter "document") is to be
      ratified, the following definitions apply:
      * The publication time can be specified by the instrument allowing
        the ratification, defaulting to the instant at which the
        document to be ratified was published.
      * The truth time is the instant at which the document specifies
        that it was true, or the publication time if such an instant is
        not specified.
      * The application time is the instant at which the document to be
        ratified is ratified.
      
      Ratification CANNOT occur if the truth time would be after the
      application time, or if the publication time would be after the
      application time.
      
      Rules to the contrary notwithstanding, when a document is
      ratified, the gamestate is modified to what it would be if, at the
      truth time, the gamestate had been minimally modified to make the
      ratified document as true and accurate as possible.
      
      Ratification CANNOT occur if it would add inconsistencies between
      the gamestate and the rules.
      
      Ratification CANNOT occur if the required modification to the
      gamestate is not possible or if multiple substantially distinct
      possible modifications would be equally appropriate.
      
      If the minimal modification would include past or present rule
      changes, they are instead excluded unless the ratified document
      explicitly and unambiguously recites either the changes or the
      resulting properties of the rule(s).
      
      An internally inconsistent document generally CANNOT be ratified;
      however, if such a document can be divided into a summary section
      and a main section, where the only purpose of the summary section
      is to summarize information in the main section, and the main
      section is internally consistent, ratification of the document
      proceeds as if it contained only the main section.
      
      Text purportedly about previous instances of ratification (e.g. a
      report's date of last ratification) is excluded from ratification.
      The rules may define additional information that is considered to
      be part of the document for the purposes of ratification; such
      definitions are secured with power threshold 3.
      
      Ratification is secured with power threshold 3.
