Rule 1681/28 (Power=1)
The Logical Rulesets

      The Short Logical Ruleset (SLR) is a format of the ruleset. In
      this format, each rule is assigned to a category, and the rules
      are grouped according to their category.
      
      Rules are assigned to, ordered within, or moved between
      categories, and categories are added, changed, or empty categories
      removed, as the Rulekeepor sees fit.
      
      The listing of each rule in the SLR must include the rule's ID
      number, power, title, and text.
      
      The listing of each rule in the SLR must additionally include a
      revision number selected by the Rulekeepor. The Rulekeepor SHOULD
      select revision numbers such that they can be used retrospectively
      to determine that the text of a rule has changed while it
      maintained the same ID number. The Rulekeepor may exercise
      reasonable discretion in calculating revision numbers.
      
      The Rulekeepor is strongly DISCOURAGED from including any
      additional information in the SLR, except that which increases the
      readability of the SLR.
      
      The Full Logical Ruleset (FLR) is a format of the ruleset. In this
      format, rules are assigned to the same category and presented in
      the same order as in the SLR. The FLR must contain all the
      information required to be in the SLR, and any historical
      annotations which the Rulekeepor is required to record.
      
      The Rulekeepor SHOULD also include any other information which e
      feels may be helpful in the use of the ruleset in the FLR.
      
      Whenever a rule is changed in any way, the Rulekeepor SHALL record
      and thereafter maintain a reasonably accurate historical
      annotation to the rule indicating:
      
      1. The type of change.
      
      2. The date on which the change took effect.
      
      3. The mechanism that specified the change.
      
      4. If the rule was changed due to a proposal, then that proposal's
         ID number, author, and coauthor(s) (if any).
