Rule 2143/40 (Power=1)
Reports and Duties

      For each person:
      
      1. If any task is defined by the rules as part of that person's
         weekly duties, then e SHALL perform it at least once each week.
      
      2. If any task is defined by the rules as part of that person's
         monthly duties, then e SHALL perform it at least once each month.
      
      For each office, if any information is defined by the rules as
      part of that office's weekly or monthly report, then its
      officeholder SHALL maintain all such information, and eir weekly
      or monthly duties respectively include publishing a document or
      series of documents, labelled as that office's report (or as that
      office's weekly or monthly report as appropriate), that includes
      all such information.
      
      Any information defined by the rules as part of a person's report,
      without specifying which one, is part of eir weekly report.
      Failure of a person to perform any weekly duty required of em
      within the allotted time is the Class 1+N infraction of Weekly
      Tardiness, where N is the number of times e has previously
      committed the infraction in the past month.
      
      Failure of a person to perform any monthly duty required of em
      within the allotted time is the Class 3 infraction of Monthly
      Tardiness.
      
      An official duty for an office is any duty that the Rules
      specifically assign to that office's holder in particular
      (regardless of eir identity).
      
      A person publishing a report SHALL do so in plain text, with
      tabular data lining up properly when viewed in a monospaced font.
      Publishing a report that deviates from these restrictions is the
      Class 2 infraction of Making My Eyes Bleed.
      
      A player CAN, by announcement, petition a specified person with a
      specified duty to take a specific action related to that duty.
      That person SHOULD publicly respond to that petition in a timely
      fashion. A player CAN petition a specified non-vacant office in
      the same fashion; its holder SHALL respond in the same fashion.
