Rule 2154/59 (Power=2)
Election Procedure

      A player CAN initiate an election for a specified elected office:
      
      a) with 2 support, if either the office is interim or the most
         recent election for that office was resolved more than 90 days
         prior, and provided that the initiator becomes a candidate in
         the same message.
      
      b) By announcement, if e is the ADoP and if the office is interim,
         or if e is the holder of that office.
      
      The above notwithstanding, an election for an office CANNOT be
      initiated if one is already in progress.
      
      When an election is initiated, it enters the nomination period,
      which lasts for 4 days. After an election is initiated and until
      nominations close, any player CAN become a candidate by
      announcement. A candidate ceases to be a candidate if e ceases to
      be a player during the election or if holding the office would
      make em Overpowered. During the nomination period, a candidate CAN
      cease to be a candidate by announcement if there is at least one
      other candidate.
      
      An election whose nomination period is complete is contested if it
      has two or more candidates, and uncontested otherwise. Nominations
      close at the end of the poll's voting period or when the election
      is ended, whichever comes first.
      
      After the nomination period ends, the ADoP CAN and, in a timely
      fashion, SHALL:
      
      1) If the election is contested, initiate an Agoran decision to
         select the winner of the election (the poll). For this
         decision, the Vote Collector is the ADoP, the valid options are
         the candidates for that election (including those who become
         candidates after its initiation), and the voting method is
         instant runoff. When the poll is resolved, its outcome, if a
         player, wins the election. If the outcome is not a player, the
         election ends with no winner.
      
      2) If POSSIBLE per the following paragraph, end the election
         immediately.
      
      If at any point an uncontested election has a single candidate,
      then any player CAN by announcement declare em the winner of the
      election, thereby causing em to win the election. If at any point
      an uncontested election has no candidates, then any player CAN
      declare the election ended with no winner by announcement.
      
      When a player wins an election, e is installed into the associated
      office and the election ends.
