Rule 2162/13 (Power=3)
Switches

      A type of switch is a property that the rules define as a switch,
      and specify the following:
      
      1. The type(s) of entity possessing an instance of that switch. No
         other entity possesses an instance of that switch.
      
      2. One or more possible values for instances of that switch,
         exactly one of which should be designated as the default. No
         values other than those listed are possible for instances of
         that switch, except that, if no default is specified, then
         rules to the contrary notwithstanding, the "null" value is a
         possible value for that switch, and is the default.
      
      3. Optionally, exactly one office whose holder tracks instances of
         that switch. That officer's (weekly, if not specified
         otherwise) report includes the value of each instance of that
         switch whose value is not its default value; a public document
         purporting to be this portion of that officer's report is
         self-ratifying, and implies that other instances are at their
         default value.
      
      At any given time, each instance of a switch has exactly one
      possible value for that type of switch. If an instance of a switch
      comes to have a value, it ceases to have any other value. If an
      instance of a switch would otherwise fail to have a possible
      value, it comes to have its default value. A Rule that designates
      a switch as "secured" (at a given power level) designates changes
      to the properties of that type of switch as secured (at that power
      level) and designates changes to the value of each instance of the
      switch as secured (at that power level).
      
      "To flip an instance of a switch" is to make it come to have a
      given value. "To become X" (where X is a possible value of
      exactly one of the subject's switches) is to flip that switch to
      X.
      
      If a type of switch is not explicitly designated as
      possibly-indeterminate by the rule that defines it, and if an
      action or set of actions would cause the value of an instance of
      that type of switch to become indeterminate, that instance instead
      takes on its last determinate and possible value, if any,
      otherwise it takes on its default value.
      
      A singleton switch is a switch for which Agora Nomic is the only
      entity possessing an instance of that switch.
      
      A boolean switch is a switch with values True and False. A
      positive boolean switch has a default of True; a negative boolean
      switch has a default of False.
      
      Attempting to flip an instance of a switch to a value it already
      has does not flip the switch. However, if a person is REQUIRED to
      flip a switch instance to a value it already has, then either
      attempting to do so using the required mechanism, or announcing
      that the switch already has the required value, fulfills the
      requirement without flipping the switch.
