Rule 2201/16 (Power=3)
Self-Ratification

      When a public document published less than 180 days ago is first
      continuously undoubted for two weeks after publication:
      
      - If the rules define it as self-ratifying, it is ratified.
      
      - If the rules define it as a self-ratifying attestation to a
        given statement, the statement is ratified, with the publication
        time being the instant at which the document was published.
      
        This clause is inapplicable if the statement to be ratified
        cannot be reasonably ascertained from the ruleset and the
        contents of the message.
      
      The definition of documents as self-ratifying and the definition
      of documents as self-ratifying attestations are secured at power
      3.
      
      Any person CAN by announcement issue a doubt (syn. claim of
      error), identifying a public document published less than 180 days
      ago and explaining the scope and nature of a perceived error in it
      (or in a statement it attests to).
      
      When this happens, the publisher of the original document SHALL
      (if e was required to publish that document) or SHOULD (otherwise)
      do one of the following in a timely fashion, in an announcement
      that clearly cites the claim of error:
      
         1. Deny the claim (causing it to cease to be a doubt).
      
         2. Publish a revision.
      
         3. Initiate an inquiry case regarding the truth of the claim
            (if the subject is actually a matter of law), or cite a
            relevant existing inquiry case.
      
      As long as the publisher of the original document has not yet
      responded in any of the above ways, the issuer of a doubt CAN, by
      announcement, withdraw the doubt, causing it to cease to be a
      doubt. The above notwithstanding, the publisher of the original
      document NEED NOT respond to a withdrawn doubt.
      
      The issuance of a doubt on a documents, the denial of a claim of
      error, and the ceasing of a doubt on a document to be a doubt are
      secured at power 3.
