Rule 2438/36 (Power=3)
Ribbons

      The Tailor is an office, and the recordkeepor of Ribbons.
      
      For each type of Ribbon, <type> Ribbon Ownership is a secured
      negative boolean person switch, tracked by the Tailor in eir
      monthly report. Laudability is a secured person switch with
      non-negative integer possible values, defaulting to 0, tracked by
      the Tailor as part of eir monthly report. When a person owns more
      types of ribbons than eir Laudability, eir Laudability is set to
      the number of types of ribbons e owns.
      
      To "award a person a <Ribbon type>" is to flip that person's
      <that type> Ribbon Ownership to True. A person "owns a <Ribbon
      type>" if eir <that type> Ribbon Ownership is True.
      
      A person qualifies for a type of Ribbon if e has earned that type
      of Ribbon within the preceding 7 days (including earlier in the
      same message).
      
      While a person owns all types of Ribbon, that person can Raise a
      Banner by announcement. This causes that person to win the game.
      When a person wins this way, for each type of Ribbon, that
      person's <type> Ribbon Ownership is flipped to False.
      
      The types of Ribbon, and the methods of obtaining them, are as
      follows:
      
      Red (R): When a proposal is adopted and changes at least one rule
      that, immediately before or after the change, has Power >= 3, its
      proposer earns a Red Ribbon.
      
      Orange (O): When a proposal is adopted via a referendum on which
      no valid ballots were AGAINST (after evaluating conditionals), its
      proposer earns an Orange Ribbon.
      
      Green (G): While a person holds a voluntary office, has done so
      continuously for the past 30 days, and has not failed to perform
      any duties of that office within the appropriate time limits
      during those 30 days, that person qualifies for a Green Ribbon.
      
      Emerald (E): When a person wins an election, e earns an Emerald
      Ribbon.
      
      Cyan (C): When a person deputises for an office or is the delegate
      for an office while its holder is on vacation, and that person has
      not held or deputised for that office within the past 7 days, that
      person earns a Cyan Ribbon.
      
      Blue (B): When a person assigns a judgement to a CFJ, and has
      never violated a time limit to assign a judgement to that CFJ,
      nor ever self-filed a motion to reconsider that CFJ, that person
      earns a Blue Ribbon.
      
      Magenta (M): When, during Agora's Birthday, a person publicly
      acknowledges it, that person earns a Magenta Ribbon.
      
      Ultraviolet (U): When a person is awarded the Patent Title
      Champion, that person earns an Ultraviolet Ribbon, unless the
      Champion title was awarded as the result of winning the game via
      this rule.
      
      Violet (V): When a person is awarded a Patent Title other than
      Champion or a degree, that person earns a Violet Ribbon.
      
      Indigo (I): When a person is awarded a degree, that person earns
      an Indigo Ribbon.
      
      Platinum (P): The Speaker qualifies for a Platinum Ribbon.
      
      Lime (L): A person qualifies for a Lime Ribbon if three or more
      proposals adopted in the preceding 7 days had that person as a
      coauthor.
      
      White (W): A player qualifies for a White Ribbon if e has never
      previously owned a White Ribbon (including under previous
      rulesets). A player who has been registered for the past 30+ days
      or 180+ cumulative days and has never acted on eir own behalf to
      cause another person to gain a White Ribbon (including under a
      previous ruleset) CAN act on eir own behalf to cause another
      person to earn a White Ribbon by announcement.
      
      Black (K): An instrument CAN, as part of its effect, cause a
      person to earn a Black Ribbon.
      
      Gray (A): Once per month the Tailor CAN, by announcement, cause a
      specified player to earn a Gray Ribbon. E is ENCOURAGED to do so
      before publishing eir monthly report.
      
      Transparent (T): A person qualifies for a Transparent Ribbon while
      the number of other types of Ribbon that that person qualified for
      within the previous 7 days is at least 5.
      
      When a person earns a White, Black or Gray Ribbon, this Rule
      awards that person a Ribbon of that type.
      
      While a person qualifies for a type of Ribbon:
      
        - If e has not owned that type of Ribbon within the preceding 7
          days, any player CAN, by announcement, award em that type of
          Ribbon.
      
      Qualifying for ribbons is secured. Earning ribbons is secured.
