Rule 2478/16 (Power=1.7)
Vigilante Justice

      A player CAN by announcement Point eir Finger at a player (the
      perp); the announcement is INEFFECTIVE if it does not explicitly
      name the perp, cite a specific rule or named crime, and specify an
      alleged violation of that rule or commission of that crime by that
      person.
      
      When a player Points a Finger, the investigator SHALL investigate
      the allegation and CAN, and in a timely fashion SHALL, conclude
      the investigation by:
      
      - Issuing a Warning to the perp, as described elsewhere;
      
      - Imposing the Cold Hand of Justice on the perp for the cited rule
        violation, as described elsewhere;
      
      - Issuing an Indictment against the perp for the cited rule
        violation, as described elsewhere; or
      
      - if e believes that no rules violation occurred or that it would
        be ILLEGAL or INEFFECTIVE to levy a fine for it, announcing the
        Finger Pointing to be Shenanigans.
      
      Initiating a Finger Pointing found to be Shenanigans is ILLEGAL
      and the Class 0+N Crime of Unjustified Gesticulation, where N is
      the number of times e has previously committed the crime in the
      current Agoran Week.
      
      The above notwithstanding, the investigator CANNOT resolve a
      Finger Pointing for which e is the perp.
      
      The Referee is by default the investigator for all Finger
      Pointing. When the Referee's Finger is Pointed or the Referee is
      the perp, the Arbitor is the investigator.
      
      The Referee CANNOT Point eir Finger at the Arbitor, and the
      Arbitor CANNOT point eir finger at the Referee.
      
      A high crime is any crime specified as being class 4 or greater.
      The Referee CANNOT levy the Cold Hand of Justice to punish a high
      crime, the other provisions of this rule notwithstanding.
      
      The player who initiated the most Finger Pointings that resulted
      in a Warning, Indictment, or Cold Hand of Justice in the previous
      Agoran Week CAN once grant emself a Justice Card by announcement.
