Rule 2645/23 (Power=2)
The Stones

      The following stones are defined, one per paragraph, with the
      following format: Stone Name (Frequency, Smoothness): Description.
      
      - Power Stone (weekly, 2): When this stone is wielded, a specified
        player (defaulting to the wielder if not specified) is Power
        Stoned; Power Stoning is secured. A player's voting strength on
        a referendum on an ordinary proposal is increased by 3 for each
        time that e was Power Stoned during the referendum's voting
        period.
      
      - Soul Stone (weekly, 3): When wielded, this stone is transferred
        to the owner of a different specified non-immune stone not owned
        by Agora, then that stone is transferred to the wielder.
      
      - Sabotage Stone (weekly, 4): When wielded, the adoption index of
        a specified AI-majority Agoran decision is increased by 1.
      
      - Minty Stone (weekly, 4): When wielded, a specified Player gains
        a stamp of eir own type.
      
      - Protection Stone (monthly, 4): When wielded, a specified stone
        is granted immunity.
      
      - Recursion Stone (monthly, 4): The Recursion Stone can be wielded
        once per month as if it had the power of any other stone of your
        choice (the Blueprint Stone), with any references to the
        Blueprint Stone itself changed to the Recursion Stone unless
        they specify otherwise.
      
      - Hot Potato Stone (weekly, 5): When this stone is wielded, the
        wielder specifies an eligible player and gains 8 radiance. The
        stone is transferred to the eligible player. An eligible player
        is one who has not owned this stone since the last time Agora
        owned it. If this stone is not owned by Agora, a player CANNOT
        otherwise transfer it, rules to the contrary notwithstanding.
        This stone is immune if 3 or more players have wielded it since
        the most recent collection notice.
      
      - Blank Stone (monthly, 0): This stone has no effect.
      
      - Anti-Equatorial Stone (monthly, 5): When wielded, the mossiest
        non-immune stone is transferred to the wielder. If more than one
        such stone is tied for mossiest, a specified one is transferred.
        When this happens, the wielded stone's mossiness is incremented
        by 1.
      
      - Radiance Stone (weekly, 3): When wielded, a specified player
        (defaulting to the wielder if not specified) gains 3 radiance.
      
      - Loud Stone (monthly, 4): When wielded, a specified player's
        Dream is set to a specified Dream, and then e is Beguiled;
        Beguiling is secured. A player's Dream CANNOT be flipped if e
        was Beguiled in the last 7 days, rules to the contrary
        notwithstanding.
