Rule 2685/7 (Power=1.0)
Crystals

      The Geologist is a sortitioned office that tracks crystals.
      
      A crystal is an indestructible asset with secured integer switches
      identity, size (default 0), and instability (default 0).
      
      At the beginning of each quarter, each crystal whose identity is
      not equal to the ID of any rule in the current ruleset has its
      size increased by 3.
      
      If a proposal amends or repeals a rule, if a crystal exists whose
      identity equals that rule's id, that crystal absorbs that
      proposal. Otherwise, grant to the author of the proposal a crystal
      with identity equal to the ID of that rule, then that crystal
      absorbs that proposal. Each crystal can only absorb a given
      proposal once by this method.
      
      When a crystal absorbs a proposal, the following occur in sequence:
      - The size of that crystal is increased by the power of that
        proposal when that proposal's power was greater than 0 (rounded
        down).
      
      - If that crystal's owner is not the author of that proposal, the
        instability of that crystal is increased by 2.
      
      - If that crystal's owner is not the author or coauthor of that
        proposal, the instability of that crystal is increased by 2.
      
      - If the instability of that crystal is greater than its size, it
        is transferred to the author of the proposal, then its
        instability becomes equal to its size.
      
      
      A player is crystallized if the total size of crystals e owns is
      at least the number of rules in the current ruleset.
      
      A player CAN increase the size of a specified crystal by 1 by
      paying a fee of 11 spendies.
      
      Any player CAN, by announcement, Shatter the System, specifying at
      least 1 crystallized player, and provided that no person has done
      so in the past 30 days. When a player does so, each crystallized
      player wins the game.
      
      If a player won the game in this manner 4 days ago, then all
      existing crystals are destroyed.
