Rule 2696/4 (Power=1.0)
Bang actions

      While the match state is ongoing, a player CAN by announcement
      load a round, specifying a document (the sealed orders), provided
      that e has not done so in the current Agoran week.
      
      While the match state is ongoing, a player CAN by announcement
      fire a round, specifying a document (the revealed orders),
      provided that all of the following are true:
      * E was an alive player at the beginning of the current Agoran
        week.
      * E has not done so in the current Agoran week.
      * In the previous Agoran week, e loaded a round with sealed orders
        that are a fingerprint for the revealed orders.
      * The order list explicitly and unconditionally specifies a single
        clear, unambiguous, and unconditional list of persons to target
        (the target list).
      
      When a player (the shooter) fires a round, sequentially for each
      person (the target) in the target list, if the shooter has at
      least two bangs and was alive at the beginning of the week, and
      the target was an alive player at the beginning of the week, then
      two of the shooter's bangs are destroyed, after which the target
      is eliminated.
      
      
      When a person is eliminated, if e is an alive player then the
      following happen in order:
      * Eir vitality is flipped to unalive.
      * E gains one bang.
      
      A player who loaded a round in one Agoran week SHALL, within the
      first four days of the next Agoran week, fire a round, provided
      the match state has not changed during either period; failure to
      do so is the class 1 infraction of wasting ammunition.
      
      If the match state is ongoing and has not changed in the past 7
      days, and if no player has loaded a round or fired a round in this
      Agoran week or the previous two Agoran weeks, then any player CAN
      flip the match state to none by announcement.
      
      If the match state is initializing and has not changed in the past
      28 days, then any player CAN flip the match state to none by
      announcement.
      
      A player may order more ammo by announcement if both of the
      following are true: the match state is ongoing and has not changed
      in the past 21 days; and no one has ordered more ammo in the
      current or prior week. When a player orders more ammo, at the end
      of the following week each alive player gains one bang.
