Rule 869/56 (Power=3)
How to Join and Leave Agora

      Any entity (including a group of entities confederated with the
      intent of forming a single person under this Rule) that is or ever
      was able to willingly communicate original ideas is a person.
      Rules to the contrary notwithstanding, no other entities are
      persons.
      
      Questions about personhood are to be resolved equitably, with
      regard for the good-faith of those involved and the customs of
      honorable play.
      
      Citizenship is a secured person switch with values Unregistered
      (default) and Registered, tracked by the Registrar. A registered
      person is a Player. To "register" someone is to flip that person's
      Citizenship switch from Unregistered to Registered.
      
      An Unregistered person CAN (unless explicitly forbidden or
      prevented by Rules of power 3 or greater) register by sending a
      public message that indicates reasonably clearly and reasonably
      unambiguously eir desire to be a player at that time (for example,
      by saying "I register"). Rules to the contrary notwithstanding,
      two or more persons CANNOT become Registered simultaneously.
      
      The basis of a person is the set of all persons that are
      (recursively) part of em, in addition to emself. Rules to the
      contrary notwithstanding, a person CANNOT become Registered if eir
      basis overlaps with that of any current player.
      
      A player, acting as emself, CAN deregister (cease being a player)
      by announcement. If e does so, e CANNOT register or be registered
      for 30 days.
      
      A person, by registering, agrees to abide by the Rules. The Rules
      CANNOT otherwise bind a person to abide by any agreement without
      that person's willful consent.
      
      The Rules CANNOT compel non-players to act without their express
      or reasonably implied consent. The rules CANNOT compel players to
      unduly harass non-players. A non-person CANNOT be a player, rules
      to the contrary notwithstanding.
