Rule 955/27 (Power=3)
Determining the Will of Agora

      Each Agoran decision has a voting method, which determines how
      voters may vote on it and how to calculate the outcome. The
      strength of a ballot is the voting strength of the voter who cast
      it on that Agoran decision, as calculated at the end of that
      decision's voting period.
      
      1. For an AI-majority decision, let F be the total strength of all
         valid ballots cast FOR a decision, A be the same for AGAINST,
         and AI be the adoption index of the decision. The outcome is
         ADOPTED if F/A >= AI and F/A > 1 (or F>0 and A=0), otherwise
         REJECTED.
      
      2. For an instant runoff decision, the outcome is whichever option
         wins according to the standard definition of instant runoff.
         For this purpose, a ballot of strength N is treated as if it
         were N distinct ballots expressing the same preferences. In
         case multiple valid options tie for the lowest number of votes
         at any stage, the vote collector CAN and must, in the
         announcement of the decision's resolution, select one such
         option to eliminate; if, for M > 1, all eir possible choices in
         the next M stages would result in the same set of options being
         eliminated, e need not specify the order of elimination. If an
         entity that is part of a valid vote is not a valid option at
         the end of the voting period, or disqualified by the rule
         providing for the decision, then that entity is eliminated
         prior to the first round of counting.
      
      3. For a first-past-the-post decision, the outcome is whichever
         option received the highest total strength of valid ballots. In
         case of a tie, the vote collector CAN and must, in the
         announcement of the decision's resolution, select one of the
         leaders as the outcome.
      
      The previous notwithstanding:
      
      - If there is more than one option, and the number of voters is
        less than the quorum of that decision, the outcome is instead
        FAILED QUORUM.
      
      - If there are no valid options, the outcome is null.
      
      The outcome of a decision is determined when it is resolved, and
      cannot change thereafter.
