Rule 991/36 (Power=2)
Calls for Judgement

      Any person (the initiator) can initiate a Call for Judgement (CFJ,
      syn. Judicial Case), specifying a statement to be inquired into by
      announcement. A case so initiated is an inquiry case.
      
      When a person initiates a Call for Judgement, e CAN optionally bar
      one person from the case by announcement.
      
      At any time, each CFJ is either open (default), suspended, or
      assigned exactly one judgement that was validly assigned.
      
      The Arbitor is an office, responsible for the administration of
      justice in a manner that is fair for emself, if not for the rest
      of Agora.
      
      Judge is an untracked CFJ switch with possible values of any
      person or former person, or "unassigned" (default). To "assign" a
      CFJ to a person is to flip that CFJ's judge to that person.  To
      "remove" or "recuse" a person from a being the judge of a CFJ is
      to flip that CFJ's judge from that person to unassigned.
      
      When an open CFJ's judge is unassigned, the Arbitor CAN assign any
      eligible player to be its judge by announcement, and SHALL do so
      in a timely fashion after it becomes an open and unassigned CFJ.
      In the same message in which e does so, e SHALL also (and CAN by
      announcement or by clear specification) assign it an ID number,
      unless it already has one. The players eligible to be assigned as
      judge are all active players except the initiator and the person
      barred (if any). The Arbitor SHALL assign judges over time such
      that all interested players have reasonably equal opportunities to
      judge. If a CFJ has no judge assigned, then any player eligible to
      judge that CFJ CAN assign it to emself without 3 objections.
      
      The Arbitor's weekly report includes a summary of recent judicial
      case activity, including open and recently-judged cases, recent
      judicial assignments, and a list of players interested in judging.
      
      If two CFJs become assigned to the same judge in the same message,
      those CFJs are "linked" to each other, unless that message
      specifies that the CFJs should not be linked. The Arbitor SHOULD
      consider linking two CFJs if they inquire about the same or
      substantially similar events and are called at approximately the
      same time.
